README.md, before:

# example_kb_sdk_app

This repo demonstrates some best practices for writing KBase Apps, as well as providing a simple app that demonstrates
uploading data into kbase, using kbase utilities, using an external script, and using biopython to do simple calculations within the app.

We also aim to demonstrate various practicies, such as

### Organization
* Code is organized inside helper classes outside of the impl file. We avoid writing most code in the impl file
* Dependency injection

### Testing
* Unit tests
* Tests running in github actions. (See the [.github](.github) directory)

### Logging
* Use of the logger instead of prints

### Experimental Features
* Usage of KBase Template
* New Base Image
* Updated Makefile to enable testing with `pytest` instead of the deprecated `nose`



## TODO

- Non KBase tests with mocks
- Update UI spec with correct parameters
- Test optional parameters
- Refine KBase tests, perhaps with assert statements
- Add comments to explain what is going on and why things are done this way.
- See also [Chris' code][chris-code]

[chris-code]: https://github.com/ModelSEED/MetabolicModelGapfilling/blob/master/lib/MetabolicModelGapfilling/core/basemodule.py

## Running Unit Tests

To run the unit tests for this app ensure the image is built by running
`kb-sdk test` once, then run:
```
make docker-unit
```
NOTE: Tests are automatically run via github actions, so you can check to see if your PR passes tests on github

## KB SDK

This is a [KBase](https://kbase.us) module generated by the
[KBase Software Development Kit (SDK)][kb_sdk].

[kb_sdk]: https://github.com/kbase/kb_sdk

You will need to have the SDK installed to use this module.
[Learn more about the SDK and how to use it](https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/).

You can also learn more about the apps implemented in this module from its
[catalog page](https://narrative.kbase.us/#catalog/modules/example_kb_sdk_app)
or its [spec file]($module_name.spec).

# Setup and test

Add your KBase developer token to `test_local/test.cfg` and run the following:

```bash
$ make
$ kb-sdk test
```

After making any additional changes to this repo, run `kb-sdk test` again to
verify that everything still works.

# Installation from another module

To use this code in another SDK module, call
`kb-sdk install example_kb_sdk_app`
in the other module's root directory.

# Help

You may find the answers to your questions in our
[FAQ](https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/references/questions_and_answers.html)
or [Troubleshooting Guide][troubleshooting-guide].

# example_sdk_app

[troubleshooting-guide]: https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/references/troubleshooting.html

Commit message:

Add rename script and associated github action.
This commit adds a github action which will run a rename script when this
repository is used as a template. This will streamline the KBase module
creation process. Then both the script and the action deletes itself and
commits the changes. What is left is a module ready to be used as a starting
point for the KB SDK tutorial.

README.md, after:

# example_kb_sdk_app

This repo demonstrates some best practices for writing KBase Apps, as well as
providing a simple app that demonstrates uploading data into kbase, using kbase
utilities, using an external script, and using biopython to do simple
calculations within the app.

## Quick start

1. Make a new project using this repository as a template. *NOTE*: Do not use
   `example_sdk_app` in the name.
2. Wait for the github action to finish, see details below.
3. Clone your repository locally. Be sure the name of the local directory is
    the same as the repository name.
4. Run `kb-sdk test`.
5. Add your token to `test.cfg` and your repository secrets.
6. Run `kb-sdk test`.

## Philosophy

We also aim to demonstrate various practicies, such as

### Organization
* Code is organized inside helper classes outside of the impl file. We avoid writing most code in the impl file
* Dependency injection

### Testing
* Unit tests
* Tests running in github actions. (See the [.github](.github) directory)

### Logging
* Use of the logger instead of prints

### Experimental Features
* Usage of KBase Template
* New Base Image
* Updated Makefile to enable testing with `pytest` instead of the deprecated `nose`

## FAQ

### How does the github action work?

## TODO

- Non KBase tests with mocks
- Update UI spec with correct parameters
- Test optional parameters
- Refine KBase tests, perhaps with assert statements
- Add comments to explain what is going on and why things are done this way.
- See also [Chris' code][chris-code]

[chris-code]: https://github.com/ModelSEED/MetabolicModelGapfilling/blob/master/lib/MetabolicModelGapfilling/core/basemodule.py

## Running Unit Tests

To run the unit tests for this app ensure the image is built by running
`kb-sdk test` once, then run:
```
make docker-unit
```
NOTE: Tests are automatically run via github actions, so you can check to see if your PR passes tests on github

## KB SDK

This is a [KBase](https://kbase.us) module generated by the
[KBase Software Development Kit (SDK)][kb_sdk].

[kb_sdk]: https://github.com/kbase/kb_sdk

You will need to have the SDK installed to use this module.
[Learn more about the SDK and how to use it](https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/).

You can also learn more about the apps implemented in this module from its
[catalog page](https://narrative.kbase.us/#catalog/modules/example_kb_sdk_app)
or its [spec file]($module_name.spec).

# Setup and test

Add your KBase developer token to `test_local/test.cfg` and run the following:

```bash
$ make
$ kb-sdk test
```

After making any additional changes to this repo, run `kb-sdk test` again to
verify that everything still works.

# Installation from another module

To use this code in another SDK module, call
`kb-sdk install example_kb_sdk_app`
in the other module's root directory.

# Help

You may find the answers to your questions in our
[FAQ](https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/references/questions_and_answers.html)
or [Troubleshooting Guide][troubleshooting-guide].

# example_sdk_app

[troubleshooting-guide]: https://kbase.github.io/kb_sdk_docs/references/troubleshooting.html
